fix(orchestrator): document workflowId for permissions (#320)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugins: workspaces/orchestrator/docs/Permissions.md

The user is permitted to do an action if either the generic permission or the specific one allows it.
In other words, it is not possible to grant generic `orchestrator.workflow` and then selectively disable it for a specific workflow via `orchestrator.workflow.use.[workflowId]` with `deny`.

The `[workflowId]` matches the identifier from the workflow definition.

> It's the `greeting` from the following [example](https://github.com/rhdhorchestrator/serverless-workflows/blob/main/workflows/greeting/greeting.sw.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the [workflow definition](https://github.com/rhdhorchestrator/serverless-workflows/blob/main/workflows/greeting/greeting.sw.yaml) below, the identifier is `greeting`:
```
WDYT about this rewording?

Author: done, thanks
